#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--no-binary psycopg2

aniso8601==6.0.0
    # via graphene
cachetools==4.2.0
    # via django-helusers
certifi==2020.4.5.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via odfpy
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
diff-match-patch==20181111
    # via django-import-export
django-admin-sortable==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail==6.1.0
    # via django-ilmoitin
django-cors-headers==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enumfields==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-graphql-jwt==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-guardian==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ilmoitin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-mailer==1.2.6
    # via django-ilmoitin
django-mptt==0.10.0
    # via django-munigeo
django-munigeo==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler-rest==2.0
    # via django-munigeo
django-parler==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   django-thesaurus
django-reversion==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-searchable-encrypted-fields==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-thesaurus==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-sortable
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-mailer
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-searchable-encrypted-fields
    #   django-thesaurus
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   graphene-django
djangorestframework==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   drf-oidc-auth
drf-oidc-auth==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.13.3
    # via python-jose
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
future==0.17.1
    # via
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-jose
graphene-django==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-graphql-jwt
graphene-federation==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphene==2.1.8
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphene-federation
graphql-core==2.2.1
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==2.0.0
    # via graphene
idna==2.9
    # via requests
isodate==0.6.0
    # via rdflib
itypes==1.1.0
    # via coreapi
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
jinja2==2.10.1
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   django-ilmoitin
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via django-mailer
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.0.3
    # via tablib
packaging==20.3
    # via deprecation
pillow==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
promise==2.2.1
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
psycopg2==2.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.5
    # via rsa
pycryptodome==3.9.1
    # via django-searchable-encrypted-fields
pycryptodomex==3.8.2
    # via pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via drf-oidc-auth
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via django-graphql-jwt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   packaging
    #   rdflib
python-jose==3.0.1
    # via django-helusers
pytz==2019.1
    # via django
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
    #   tablib
rdflib==4.2.2
    # via django-thesaurus
requests-cache==0.5.0
    # via django-munigeo
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-munigeo
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-oauthlib
rsa==4.0
    # via python-jose
rx==1.6.1
    # via graphql-core
sentry-sdk==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
singledispatch==3.4.0.3
    # via graphene-django
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-munigeo
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   isodate
    #   packaging
    #   promise
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-jose
    #   singledispatch
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==1.1.0
    # via django-import-export
uritemplate==3.0.0
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
